Implement django models (#42)
AlexsLemonade/resources-portal: docs/index.md

```bash
docker-compose run --rm web ./manage.py makemigrations resources_portal
```

# Visualizing the data model

This project includes [django-extensions graph_models command](https://django-extensions.readthedocs.io/en/latest/graph_models.html).

```bash
docker-compose run --rm web ./manage.py graph_models -a -g > model.dot
```

> At the moment png exports are not setup but these can be generated them from the `.dot` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment png exports are not setup but these can be generated then from the `.dot` file.
(Either with `dot -Tpng model.dot -o database_diagram.png` or https://convertio.co/dot-png/)
```
